Incoprporate feedback (#1)
NBISweden/module-BYOD-dm-practices: _episodes/04.md

---
title: Prepare my data for publication
---

> ### About this activity
**Objectives:**
- Identify a suitable repository for my data
- Identify the file formats the repository accepts
- Prepare metadata for the repository
{: .callout}

## Create a data publication plan for your project

> 1. Define a dataset you would like to publish

Reviewer: Maybe "Identify the set of files that you want to publish"

> 1. Define a dataset you would like to publish

Author: ```suggestion
1. Identify the set of files that you want to publish
```
